React Nested Routing and URL Param Using React Router DOM Problem

Design a webpage to display the list of cricket players in each cricket team using nested routing.

Constraints:
Create an App component.
In App Component create two links for Sports Category and Cricket Players Selected info as shown in the Screenshot with route path as /sports and /players respectively.
Create few more Components as below:
    1) Sports Component - To display the list of sports categories as a list of links, while clicking on each sport category shall load the content about that sport using the functional components in Sportsinfo.js.
    2) Sportsinfo.js - To display the details about each sports category. This file shall have functional components for Football, Cricket, Hockey, and Badminton. Each function shall display the content about the sport (content is available in content.txt). Each functional component shall also have a Go Back button which shall navigate back to the Sports Component. 
    3) AboutPlayer Component - To display the content about the player.
    4) Players Component - To display the list of selected players as a link. Upon clicking each player, the player name shall be passed as URL parameter to the AboutPlayer Component. 
The components BrowserRouter, Route, Routes should be imported from the react-router-dom.

Procedure:
While running the application, The ‘Sports’ component should be rendered initially with the list of links.
While clicking on the sports name, the details about the selected sport shall be displayed with a GO BACK button. 
While clicking on the GO BACK button the home page (sports component content) shall be displayed. 
While clicking on the link ‘Cricket Players Selected’ in the header, The players component needs to be loaded and the content with the player names/links need to be loaded initially.
While clicking on the player names link, content about that player needs to be loaded on the same page.

Note:
Strict to the specifications mentioned in the screenshots.
Use the Routers, Router, Link components from react-router-dom. 
The order of links should be the same as given in the screenshots
Refer to the mockdata file PlayerData.js given in the template code for content about each player.
Refer to content.txt given in the template code for the content about each sport category. 